# Xprezns Online Registering Backend and Frontend repo

>*The software was developed within a month and is quite rugged. Merge requests are welcome.*
**The software is not intended to run on Windows based machines**

**Stuff included in the repo:**
* Jinja template files
* Python Flask Backend
* NginX as the web server
* PostgreSQL for the database backend

<br>
- Remember to make a proper installation of `PostgreSQL` on your Operating System
- A Proper NGinX configuration with load management must be set up. The uwsgi module needs to be plugged into the nginx includes.

<br>

Plans for further development
- [ ] Creating an installation script
- [ ] Adding a requirements.txt file for the Python scripts

**The backend was tested on [Arch Linux](https://archlinux.org)**

<hr><br>

**Developed by [saurabh000345](https://github.com/saurabh000345)**

## Explaining the whole project minimally
Jinja has been used to be able to dynamically render pages. `uwsgi` is being used as the unicorn server. This server is not very secure and so it is being channeled through NginX. Concurrency has been experimentally confirmed. NginX is therefore tasked with opening a certain number of worker processes. 

PostgreSQL backend stores relational databases. It stores Hex Passwords in the most secure `sha512` hashed form. It helps secure the account passwords. The passwords are autogenerated and are supposed to be distributed to the participants. The `uwsgi` unicorn handles requests concurrently in real time. PostgreSQL can be configured to run on a different LAN connected machine altogether to help with the processing speeds. 

<br> 
*The project has not been tested in the deployed environment with a huge load. But then again, it was not developed to handle a ton of concurrent requests either. It's expecting only the participants to log on. Filtering out participants for limited-slot performances can be simply done by finding out the firxt `x` applicants*
